README for CC Mode 5.33
Current maintainer : Alan Mackenzie
Contact address    : bug-cc-mode@gnu.org

INTRODUCTION

    The canonical web location for all knowledge CC Mode is:

	<http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/>

    Please read the cc-mode.texi manual for details on using CC Mode.
    This is available on-line from:

        <http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/html-manual/index.html>

    As of this writing (August 2016), CC Mode currently works out of
    the box with XEmacs versions 21.4 (latest release) and later, and
    with Emacs versions 23.2 and later.  (It might well still work
    with some earlier versions and will very likely work with later
    versions too, when they become available.)

MORE INFORMATION

    Check out the CC Mode web site for the latest information,
    updates, tips, installation and compatibility notes, etc. on using
    CC Mode.  The installation instructions given below are an excerpt
    of the on-line instructions.  If you have problems installing CC
    Mode, please check out the URL above before submitting a bug
    report.  Thanks!

    The MANIFEST file contains a description of all the files you
    should have gotten with this distribution.

MANUALS

    Preformatted versions of the manual in DVI, PostScript, and Info,
    are all available at the CC Mode web page.  The Info manual has
    two variants, one for GNU Emacs, the other for XEmacs - the only
    differences between them are the targets of some cross references
    within the manual.

    To build the manual yourself, you will need Texinfo 4.7 or later
    or Texinfo 5.x or later.  For 4.x (recommended), Simply type:

        % makeinfo cc-mode.texi                   # For GNU Emacs
    or
        % makeinfo -DXEMACS cc-mode.texi          # For XEmacs

    To make the DVI version, type:

        % texi2dvi cc-mode.texi

    If you're using Texinfo 5.x or later, see its manual.

INSTALLATION

    Here is a quick guide for installing CC Mode.  For the latest
    information on installing CC Mode, please see the CC Mode web site
    given above.

    If you're using XEmacs, make sure you've got the "advice" package
    installed.

  Byte Compiling

    It is highly recommended that you byte-compile CC Mode for
    performance reasons.  Running CC Mode non-byte-compiled is not
    supported.

    You can compile CC Mode in the same way as any other package.  To
    compile it from a running (X)Emacs session:

        M-0 M-x byte-recompile-directory RET /path/to/cc-mode RET

    To compile CC Mode from the shell:

        $ cd /path/to/cc-mode
        $ $(EMACS) -batch -no-site-file -q -f batch-byte-compile cc-*.el

    where $(EMACS) is either emacs or xemacs depending on the flavor
    you use.  Note that the byte compiled files from one version of
    (X)Emacs are likely not to work on a different version - compile
    them fresh when you upgrade your (X)Emacs version.

  Installing

    Put the compiled files somewhere (X)Emacs will find them, i.e. in
    some path that's in the load-path variable.  You must make sure
    they are found before any CC Mode files which are distributed with
    (X)Emacs.  A directory has higher precendence than all directories
    after it in the load-path list.

    To test that you have things set up correctly, visit a C file and
    then type:

        M-x c-version RET
        => Using CC Mode version 5.XX

    where XX is the correct minor revision number.

  Compatibility Issues

    CC Mode should work fine with most versions of Emacs and XEmacs
    which aren't ancient (see the introduction above).

    For more details about interactions with different packages, see
    the CC Mode web page.
